Heine home chef Tom I want to introduce
to you there's the Asian a plant you can
eat the skin on so we're gonna do some
stir-fry first we're gonna cut the
eggplant okay put on the side and I got
some sweet bell pepper we're just gonna
cut it into like a chunk here you're
just gonna split it like this and some
Spanish onion and when you stir fry all
the pieces will just break apart I'm
going to show you how to cook it we're
gonna add in some dry hot chili and some
ginger and garlic this is the XO sauce
that I love they give them a really nice
flavor to infuse the oil which is to use
like a shallot ginger and garlic and dry
shrimp but make that XO sauce okay for
like maybe 15 to 20 seconds on medium
heat get the oil nice and flavor so we
asked them green onion
next we're gonna in all the onion bell
pepper & carrot I got some big slice
here it like this it's probably one
eighth of the inch surprise a couple
minutes now we're gonna add in the
eggplant this eggplant is easy to cook
you get tender very fast then the Quick
Serve now we're gonna add some flavor
first I like to use sherry cooking wine
oh yeah let's be soft
some salt and black pepper
can the sister
and then simply I just gonna add some
plain water
and then I'm gonna cover with the lid
well maybe just couple minutes now we're
gonna keep the sauce a try oh yes mmm
delicious
good flavor so if you like to add some
sweetness you can do some sugar brown
sugar honey will be great so now we're
just gonna cook stir a little bit make
sure the egg plane nice and tender like
this I'm gonna thicken the sauce with
some cornstarch and water mix see this
recipe you can cook with some protein
too right
shrimp chicken pork anything will be
good so we're gonna add some mark
Moonstar mix in give them a quick stir
just to thicken the sauce I think it's
done sesame oil the dish is done
here's your simple and delicious Asian
eggplant stir-fry with mixed vegetable
the sauce is very flavorful is really
good to serve with some rice I hope you
liked the video I'm chef Tom thank you
for watching I will see you next time
bye